New Policy Regarding Python Compatibility for Collections (#151)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_checklist.md

- [ ] follows licensing rules
- [ ] follows the [Ansible documentation standards](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html) and the [style guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/style_guide/index.html#style-guide)
- [ ] follows [development conventions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_best_practices.html)

> - [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater

Reviewer: I think we should be more specific here.

python2.6 / python2.7 / python3.5 are all EOL. Expecting a new collection to support them, doesn't make too much sense.  I think it is fair to say these are optional, if you want to support them.

https://www.python.org/downloads/ could be a good format

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/72668#issuecomment-733068389 which shows that some OS still support Python 2.7 till 2024

Reviewer 3: I think 2.6+ and 3.5+ is the right set.

> - [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater / unsupported Ansible-compatible versions are documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)
```

Reviewer 4: (updated)

- [ ] follows licensing rules
- [ ] follows the [Ansible documentation standards](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html) and the [style guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/style_guide/index.html#style-guide)
- [ ] follows [development conventions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_best_practices.html)

> - [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater / if does not, unsupported [Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) are documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater. If it does not, unsupported [Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) are documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)
```

> - [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater / if does not, unsupported [Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) are documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater. If it does not, read the [full guidelines](link to Python compatibility section) to see if you qualify for an exception and document the unsupported [Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) in the collection ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)
```

Reviewer 7: Replaced by below.

> - [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater. If it does not, unsupported [Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) are documented in ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- [ ] supports Python 2.6 or greater and Python 3.5 or greater. If it does not, read the [full guidelines](link to Python compatibility section) to see if you qualify for an exception and document the unsupported [Python versions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_python_3.html#ansible-and-python-3) in the collection ``README.md`` and in every module and plugin (or in doc fragments)
```

Reviewer 8: if we add a usable link, I'd be +1 to this, or we could add it later

Reviewer 6: <nod> Yeah, that would be my plan.  I can't add the link until this PR is merged (since github will create the link target from the collection_requirements.rst)

Reviewer 8: ah, right . . . markdown
